what's up everyone this video is going
to be an impressionist video I'll go on
to my Twitter on my Facebook and asked
you guys to send in those people that
you wanted me to turn impersonate and
I'm gonna give it my best shot little
bit of a legal disclaimer I'm dog shit
impressions so don't take this too
seriously just do it over laughs you
know here we go oh hey spongebob
spongebob what bar Squidward spongebob
is that all he says I don't know what's
good word says Gary krabby patty I suck
dick a spongebob what a spongebob say
I'm a sponge I sell nothing like
spongebob I don't know what any of these
people say mastizaade the Amazon friend
is from us what his fate is my rape face
do you know the muffin man the muffin
man the muffin man
well she's married to the muffin man the
muffin man
hello everybody I'm Joe sugg what the
fuck was the huh hello everybody hello
everybody Joe sugg hello everybody
so he says hello everybody hello
everybody Joe sugg
well everybody jumps up I sound like a
radio presenter hello everybody welcome
back to radio 6 with me your host Joe
sugg that was Miley Cyrus coming in at
number 3 and here is innuendo bingo no
okay
hello it's me Stewie hello it's me
doing Griffin Stewie this is really bad
now see you running here
normally right good what's the worst
Jenny Griffin of ever done
my name is Cleveland Brown Cleveland
Brown hey everybody hey everybody it's
me Cleveland Brown hey everybody it's me
Cleveland Brown but I said I'm more like
dr. Nick hi everybody
Cleveland jr.
[Music]
okay how about some monopoly sound like
Batman I am Batman well as Batman say
I'd sound like Batman
I don't sound like the guy from saw I'm
the Batman but I'm stopped like babe
don't go poking into a cup
I am babe oh my god
but with a body accent in between that
wasn't it
[Music]
you know I'm actually a lot shitter this
and I thought I was gonna be I need to
do
gassy boo in the hot Sun over the world
tonight see the hot Suns over the world
tonight I'm just brown bitch you better
like my tongues ma hey what's up guys
it's me Justin Bieber hey it's me Justin
Bieber from that song that you liked
once hey what's up guys it's me Justin
Bieber and you're watching jib daddy TV
Jones our bed stay in school okay guys
thank you very much for watching this
video I realized I am absolutely tragic
in impressions but I thought I'd give it
a go anyway if you did like this video
don't forget to give it a thumbs up and
if you want to see some more of my
videos don't forget to subscribe you can
follow me on Twitter on Facebook Tumblr
Instagram all the links to that in the
description if you do follow me on all
my social networks and you know that
I've run a clothing line called routine
clothing during the week we released a
new range and the links to that is in
the description so if you want to go
down there and check that as well train
yourself because you might find
something that you like buzz again for
watching I will catch you next week chip
out but this one like one prayer rubbish
really grinds my gears you know the ones
these stupid pictures like Toby was born
with a carrot for a cock one like 1
prayer
Rebecca was born with three vaginas on
her neck one light one sorry are people
getting paid for this shit